Publish security advisory PSA-2026-00001 (#17201)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/security-advisories.md

## Past advisories

<details>
  <summary>June 2, 2026 / PSA-2026-00001</summary>

  <p><strong>Date:</strong> June 2, 2026<br />
  <strong>Advisory:</strong> PSA-2026-00001<br />
  <strong>Severity:</strong> Critical<br />
  <strong>Status:</strong> Resolved</p>

>   <p><strong>No customer data was accessed and no action is required.</strong> Our investigation using AWS CloudTrail and Wiz, together with the researchers' confirmation, found that no customer data was viewed, accessed, or modified, and no customer accounts were affected. The incident exposed our internal production credentials, not customer data, and we have rotated those credentials as a precaution.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p><strong>No customer data was accessed and no action is required.</strong> Our investigation using AWS CloudTrail and Wiz, together with the researchers' confirmation, found that no customer data was viewed, accessed, or modified, and no customer accounts were affected. The incident exposed our internal production credentials, not customer data, to security researchers and we have rotated those credentials as a precaution.</p>
```

  <p>We were alerted when one of the researchers stored the extracted secrets in a private GitHub gist, triggering GitHub's secret-scanning notifications to the affected providers, including AWS. Based on the researchers' confirmation and our own investigation via AWS CloudTrail and Wiz, no customer data was accessed and the vulnerability was not exploited by anyone other than the researchers. The researchers confirmed that their last access to our environment occurred before we began rotating credentials.</p>

  <h4>Affected users</h4>
  <ul>
    <li>This affected our <strong>US Cloud</strong> environment only. EU Cloud was not affected.</li>
    <li>The exposure was platform-wide in scope (credentials available to the affected workload), not limited to a specific product.</li>
    <li><strong>No customer data was affected.</strong> No customer data was accessed, viewed, or modified, and no customer accounts were compromised. This was confirmed by our investigation using AWS CloudTrail and Wiz, and by the researchers.</li>

>     <li><strong>No customer action is required.</strong> We rotated the most critical credentials immediately, and are completing rotation of the remainder as a precaution.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li><strong>No customer data was affected.</strong> No customer data was accessed, viewed, or modified, and no customer accounts were compromised. This was confirmed by our investigation using AWS CloudTrail and Wiz, and by the researchers.</li>
    <li><strong>No customer action is required.</strong> We rotated the most critical credentials immediately, and are completing rotation of the remainder as a precaution.</li>
    <li>This affected our <strong>US Cloud</strong> environment only. EU Cloud was not affected.</li>
    <li>The exposure was platform-wide in scope (credentials available to the affected workload), not limited to a specific product.</li>
```

  </ul>

  <h4>Resolution</h4>
  <ul>
    <li>We immediately began rotating production credentials, starting with the most critical (including AWS).</li>
    <li>We updated Playwright and Chromium to the latest version.</li>
    <li>We have begun moving heatmap generation and other uses of Chromium to an external service so that we no longer run Chromium in our own containers.</li>
    <li>We are exploring additional container hardening, including removing the shell from these containers entirely.</li>
  </ul>

  <h4>What we learned</h4>
  <ul>
    <li>A sandbox would have contained the exploit to the browser process rather than letting it reach the pod and its secrets. We should have closed that known gap sooner.</li>

>     <li>Our initial response and status update were slower than they should have been because the incident began on a Friday evening, when fewer responders were immediately available. We're hiring more folks in this time zone to improve our after-hours incident response coverage.</li>

Author: I was being overly harsh - I think our initial response was rather quick. But we definitely could've been faster in posting an initial status update. That was in large part because we hadn't dealt with this sort of incident before.

```suggestion
    <li>Our initial status update was slower than it should have been because the incident began on a Friday evening, when fewer responders were immediately available. We also lacked a playbook for this specific incident type.</li>
```
